=head1 NAME

Commandeer - lock the screen to run a command

=head1 SYNOPSIS

commandeer [[options...] -- B<command>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Commandeer is a command that allows a system administrator to lock the screen
while a command is running. This is useful for tech support tasks, backup
jobs, and other situations where you do not want the end user using the system.
Combined with cron, it could be effectively used as a parental control/timer
system.

=head1 OPTIONS

When run without any arguments, a GTK+ interface will launch that will help
to construct a command line to run. All options available on the command line
are presented in the graphical interface.

=over 8

=item B<--delay I<seconds>>

=item B<-d I<seconds>>

Set a timed delay before the command will be run. If the delay is zero or
this parameter is missing, the command will be run instantly. Otherwise, a
countdown will begin, with a Start button to end the countdown and immediatetly
begin. If the delay is set to -1, then there will be no countdown; the user will
simply be presented with a Start button that they may begin at their leisure.

=item B<--pause>

=item B<-p>

Allow pausing of the command while it is running. When the pause button is
pressed, the window will shrink, allowing the user to finish up other tasks
(but the window still may not be closed).

Pausing and resuming causes SIGSTOP and SIGCONT, respectively, to be
sent to the child process. Use with care; this is probably not appropriate
for commands that run over a network.

=item B<--cancel>

=item B<--c>

Allows the command to be cancelled before it begins. Useless unless --delay
is set.

=item B<--stop>

=item B<-s>

Allows the command to be stopped while running. If enabled, clicking on the
Stop button causes a SIGTERM to be sent to the child process, and Commandeer
will exit. Use with care.
Implies --cancel.

=item B<--title "I<title>">

=item B<-t "I<title>">

Changes the title of the command used in Commandeer messages.
By default, Commandeer will use the first part of the command to use as a title.

=item B<--text "I<text>">

If set, this text will be displayed on the Commandeer interface before and
while the command is running. Useful for describing to the end user what is
happening or about to happen.

=back

=head1 BUGS

Bugs may be filed on Launchpad at: https://bugs.launchpad.net/commandeer

=head1 AUTHORS

B<commandeer> and its man page were written by Jacob Peddicord <jpeddicord@ubuntu.com>.
The project page is available at https://launchpad.net/commandeer.

Both are released under the GNU General Public License, version 2 or later.

=cut
